
(Done)1.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and then displays the values.
(Done)2.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Print the array in reverse
(Done)3.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Find Sum, Average, Min, Max.
(Done)4.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Print only even numbers in the array.
(Done)5.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Find sum of all Even numbers.
(Done)6.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Find sum of all odd numbers
(Done)7.  Write a program that creates integer array of N elements, accepts values of arrays and Search for a number in an array of N
(Done)8.  Write a program which takes in 10 values and creates another array which has cubes of the values and prints it.
(Done)9.  Write an array which takes in roll no and marks in 3 subjects for 10 students. Print the roll no, total marks and average for all students.
(Done)10. Write a program to take in 10 values and print only those nos which are prime.
(Done)11. Write a program which generates 30 terms of Fibonacci no in an array and then prints it.
(Done)12. Write a program to initialize a single dimensional array of 8 integers. Print array elements along with the indexes of each element and square of each element in three columns.
(Done)13. Write a program to create a single dimensional array of 20 integers. Print array element in a single line with one space between each element. Also print sum of elements present at even indexes and sum of elements present at odd indexes in array.
(Done)14. Design a function void print( ) with a single dimensional array x[ ] and n (as size of the array) as function arguments. The function calculates sum of only single digit and sum of only double digit elements from the array. Design a main() function to input size of the array ‘len' and single dimensional array of size 'len', and print the required result by invoking the function print( ).
15. write a program to generate and store the 20 term of Fibonacci series in an array.
    fibArr [20]: 0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,…
    Finally print the sum of all element contained in fibArr [20]
16. Initialize a one dimension array with first nine natural numbers and then display then in the following format.
    1       2       3
    4       5       6
    7       8       9
17. Write a program to take in 10 values from user in a single dimensional array. Print only numbers which have 4 digits.
18. Write a program which takes in 10 people’s age and gives no of people who are < 18, 18-60, >60
19. Given an array Arr, of N integers find the sum of max(A[i], A[j]) for all i, j such that i < j.
    input
    4
    5 3 3 1
    output : 24
20. Given an array of length N in which you can swap two elements if their sum is odd i.e for every i (1 to N) and j (1 to N) if (Arr[i] + Arr[j]) is odd then you can swap these elements.
    What is the lexicographically smallest array you can obtain?
    Sample Input:-
    3
    4 1 7
    Sample Output:-
    1 4 7